Senior Project
Spring 2016

# Faculty Advisor Meeting

Date: 3/30/16<br>
Start Time: 12:00pm<br>
End Time: 12:45pm

## Team Members 

[P=Present, A=Absent]

1. [P/A] Jeffrey Staunton
2. [P/A] Daniel Jackson
3. [P/A] Alejandro Pena
4. [P/A] Aaron Williams
5. [P/A] Joel Lopez-Sosa
6. [P/A] Walter Nugent
7. [P/A] Scott Kennedy

**Minutes to be prepared by:** Aaron Williams

## Agenda Items

**1. Review and approve the minutes of the previous week's meeting**

- Since, last week was Spring break we didn't have an advisor meeting.
  However, we did have an emergency team meeting to make sure things are on track.
  
**2. Review prior week's progress (sprint accomplishments and issues)**

- The back end has been completed
- The general layout, map, audio, asset list, and how the end points are documented are all done in the iOS version.
- The "Asset Add" is partially working on the Android version.
- The launcher icon has been revamped, and the general layout has been established with Google's material design being implemented in the Android version.
- We switched from coding in PHP to DJango on the back end because it implements the MVC architecture better and is easier to maintain. 
- We updated our advisory documents on GitHub, and created a new advisory agenda template so that everyone can take turns
  doing the agenda
- We also added a template for the Sponsor's TAMS paper. Team members also signed off on areas of the template that they wanted to work on.
  The template must be filled out by *3/31/16*.
  
**3. Update the advisor on the team's previous meeting with the sponsor**

- The Sponsor wants us to make a rough draft version of the TAMS paper before 4/8/16

**4. Old Business Items**

- Spring break is over, time to get back to work team!
- Finish up any agendas/sprints
- Continue to work on SRS document
- Finished adding documents to GitHub
- The template for the Sponsor's TAMS paper (including images) is partially completed.
  It will be done by Friday at the latest.
- Both finished and unfinished features have been documented.

**5. New Business Items**

## Next Team Meeting** 

Date: 4/6/16
Start Time: 12:00pm






